Q:1.  What is gwei? What is the relationship between wei, gwei and ether?
Ans.  Smallest unit in ETH is Wei and Gwei is the most commonly used unit. The gas fees in ethereum is denoted as Gwei . 10*-9 ether is one wei or gwei. So basically 
      Ether base unit is wei and the gas fees is denoted as GWEI in ETH blockchain.
 

Q:2.  What are the message parameters of a smart contract call?
Ans.  A contract has an ether balance,has associated code, code execution is triggered by transactions or messages (calls) received from other contracts.
      when executed - perform operations of arbitrary complexity (Turing completeness) - manipulate its own persistent storage, i.e., can have its own permanent state - can call other contracts 
    
Q:3.  Explain the difference between single stage and multi stage smart contract calls
Ans.  In single stage smart contracts its like a single layer and all nodes coming one after another however in a multi stage smart contract there is tree like structure 
      and smart contract execution happens in multiple stages and in parallel to other.

Q:4.  What is the difference between gas price gas limit and gas units?
Ans.  Gas limit refers to the maximum amount of gas you’re willing to spend on a particular transaction. A higher gas limits mean that more computational work must
      be done to execute the smart contract. A standard ETH transfer requires a gas limit of 21,000 units of gas.
      Gas price refers to the amount of Ether you’re willing to pay for every unit of gas, and is usually measured in “Gwei”. An analogy for gas price – relating to 
      the previous analogy for gas limits. Wei is the smallest unit of Ether, and a Gwei consists of a billion wei. 

Q:5.  How do you calculate the total gas cost for a real time transaction in ethereum blockchain?
Ans.  The exact formula for calculating total gas cost is TRANSACTION (TX) FEES: GAS USED BY TXN * GAS PRICE. It is for a real time transaction in ethereum blockchain.

