Q:1. What is contract code in ethereum accounts? What is it used for?
Ans. The contract code is executed by the Ethereum Virtual Machine on each node participating in the network as part of their verification of new blocks. 
     This execution needs to be completely deterministic, its only context is the position of the block on the blockchain and all data available.

Q:2. What is the use of a compiler? How is code compiled and stored in ethereum blockchain?
Ans. The entire program is compiled and stored in the form of bytes or binary representation in the Ethereum blockchain as a form of address. 
     For Ethereum and the EVM, a contract is just a single program that is run on this sequence of bytes.
    The main use of complier is to compile the code written in normal language to convert it into machine readable binary form.

Q:3. What is the storage parameter in ethereum contract accounts? What is the significance of the storage field ?
Ans. The following are storage parameter in ethereum contract account:
     1. Each smart contract has storage in the form of an array of 2256 32-byte values, all initialized to zero.
     2. Zeros are not explicitly stored, so setting a value to zero reclaims that storage.
     3. Solidity locates fixed-size values at reserved locations called slots, starting at slot 0.
     4. Solidity exploits the sparseness of storage and the uniform distribution of hash outputs to safely locate dynamically-sized values.
     The storage feild allows the amount of data that can be store in it so it is significantly imp. as it defines speed and opperatibily of 
     ETH blockchain and also efficient storage of data.
     

Q:4. What is the difference between storage variable and memory variable with respect to ethereum blockchain?
Ans. Storage:Permanent Storage,It contains keys and values like a hashtable,Uses state variables,Contract state variable,Expensive gas operation	
     
     Memory:Byte Array,Local variables defined in function calls,memory variables,Does not cost gas and inexpensive operation,keyword in solidity


Q:5. Write down the gas unit requirement for the following operations in
     Ethereum Virtual Machine-
     i. ADD
     ii. SUBTRACT
     iii. MULTIPLY 
     iv. JUMP
     v. ADDRESS
Ans. Add=3
     subtract=3
     multiply=5
     jump=8
     address=2