

Q.1  What is the nonce value? How does it affect acceptance of blocks in blockchain?
Ans. Nonce is a random number that can only be used one time. Nonces are generated for a specific use . The nonce value is unique for every Block
     in a blockchain.It is very hard to find the nonce value and it cant be predicted randomly. A nonce is basically a random number; it is 
     important to find a nonce value as it helps to generate a valid hash containing 4 leading O’s to make the specific block valid this is how it affects 
     block in blockchain.


Q.2  What is the condition to verify that a particular block has been mined? How can other nodes identify this? 
Ans. The 4 zeros at the beginning of the hash tells us that the specific block has been mined successfully and it has also followed all rules and regulations 
     and the mined block is authentic. The other can identify this by checking leading 4 zeros at the beginning of the hash.


Q.3  How does bitcoin blockchain ensure an immutable ledger? Demonstrate with the help of an example.
Ans. With the help of hash the bitcoin blockchain ensure an immutable ledger.If someone tries to change the hash it will not mmatch the hash in next block and 
     nodes will know that there is temparing in blockchain.Example is gives as if someone tries to change the hash the blockchain will get disturbed and than 
     others try to validate it but majority of nodes hash does not matches with it and thus invalidates the block.  


Q.4  What is the difference between centralised vs decentralised blockchain?
Ans. In the centralised blockchain there is one central or main entity control majority of blockchain and has majority power with it. While in the decentralized 
     blockchain there are nodes and all nodes on blockchain has whole copy of blockchain.The voting occurs in decision making and majority votes win.There is no 
     one centrally controlling it.Example of decentralized blockchain is BITCOIN.


Q.5  How does decentralised and distributed blockchain ensure that the longest chain is the honest chain in the network?
Ans. To ensure that distributed blockchain remains longest and honest decentralized blockchain do the following things.If and new block is mined in the blockchain
     the other nodes from the network try to validate it.And if the other nodes comes with same hash the validation is successful and the new block is attached to 
     the blockchain.

